# CASHEW-DISEASE-PREDICTION

Cashew is one of the most widely consumed nuts all over the world which often referred to as cash crop. A tree may produce a big yield in a few months that can cover expenses for an entire year and has a lifespan of around 70 to 80 years. However, the cultivation of it also has certain constraints in addition to the benefits. The most extensively distributed infection on trees is anthracnose, apart from parasites or algae. To tackle this problem, a smart drone which is capable of detecting diseases in cashew estates is developed. There are two components to the complete system. The initial step is to take photos of the cashew tree and use a tinyML algorithm like MobileNet or InceptionNet to identify diseases. These algorithms are incorporated in the drones using TensorFlow lite to perform live detection. These images are processed using different techniques like augmentation and RGB color transformation before being fed to a CNN model like YOLO to more accurately and quickly detect the infection. By avoiding data traffic, this process also improves accuracy and reduces latency and helps in faster prediction at the edge. In order to reduce the impact of chemicals and promote healthier cultivation, drones can be used to spray pesticides at specific locations rather than the entire tree as is done manually after detection. Drones can also be used to help farmers identify diseased areas that are difficult to recognize, which will ultimately increase crop production.
